The Joe Rogan experience.
There's uh,
occasionally you'll see a fighter that does something very artistic and
striking that sort of elevates the standard. Like,
did you see the Derek Lewis Cy go fight? No, no.
You need to see that there's.
A knockout that Derek Lewis got a knockout, right?
Noy go beat the out of him. Oh. He shut him out. He shut him out.
Like it was a shutout for, I think, I think he stopped him in the third,
but I meany gone. Who's six foot
five, two hundred and forty seven pounds moves like 170 pounder. It's crazy.
He's he's bounced, like wonder boy, like bouncing like this,
the entire fight. Bouncing, throwing faints,
like completely changed the standard of heavyweight striking.
And I'm not exaggerating. I watched it three times. I watched it today. In fact,
I watched it in the gym today while I was working out so better than.
Like in God, in terms of movement, in terms of he's like the best,
the moving heavyweight.
There's no question. He is the best moving heavyweight I've ever seen.
No question the best moving. It doesn't mean that like,
this is the way he fights, like, look at how he like interesting.
Every time Derek Lewis goes to set up to move towards,
Himy gone is nowhere to be found. He lit Derek us up man. And Eric,
every time Derek Lewis comes to him, like, look at that jab.
I mean his movement in terms of closing the distances, spectacular,
look at that front leg, front kick to the body.
And I was severely impressed. I mean,
he had beaten a lot of really good guys. Like he beat Jaren, you Rosen strike.
He beat ju dos. I whose best days are behind him. But you know, he's,
he's beaten some very, very good fighters,
but to watch the way he beat Derek Lewis,
who's a legit one punch knockout threat,
and the technical acumen that he showed the skill,
the technique, the footwork, the movement, the understanding of distant,
the ability to control everything that happened inside the octagon was
spectacular. That's art. I,
it changed my opinion of how it would a fight with him and Francis and Ghana
would go down at first.
My thought is that Francis and Ghana has the nuclear option with everybody. He,
he has such power. So, so does Derek Lewis. So does Derek Lewis,
but Francis and Gono.
He has the hydrogen bomb. Derek Lewis.
Is the atomic. Well, they both, they both have crazy one punch power,
but when you watchy go, you go, man,
how the does anybody it's?
It's like Francis has excellent technique.
Francis has ridiculous power,
but he doesn't have the movement that go has the question is can Francis
deal with the movement and,
and maybe threaten him in a way that Derek Lewis didn't figure out how to,
and that's what makes the fight so interesting. Yeah, but the,
the way that guy moves is something special, man. It's, I mean,
you only saw like little highlights of it there,
but I've watched it pretty carefully in the three times that I watched it. I,
I can't think of a single heavyweight that I've ever seen move like that.
And there's no flaws in his clinch game. He understands like how to,
how to avoid the take down. He understands puling.
He understands distance and where he is safe, where he is not safe and,
and what to look for when he is pulling out of the clinch to not get hit.
It's really amazing, man.
He's on a real high level and he's undefeated. So I think he's not,
I think he's nine and oh, now or 10 and oh, so he is gonna get a title shot.
Well, he's the interim hip V eight champion now. Oh, that was for the,
for the heavy champion, which is weird. Right?
Cause like in Ghana just won the title. He's not injured.
It's just like the UFC and in Ghana were, it's some sort of a weird impase.
So they decided to make a, uh, interim title, which brings up all sorts of,
you know, ethical discussions about what is,
what is an interim title? When is it? If, if the organization could just decide,
oh, the negotiations aren't going so well,
we're just gonna have an interim title, right? Like how many months after the,
like, when did he fight Steve bay? When did Francis and Ghana fight?
Steve bay let's take 2020. Was it?
I think so it was definitely during the pandemic because it was at the, uh,
this November or something like that. It was at the, uh, apick center,
March 27th, 2021. Yes. Yeah. So it feels like way longer ago.
Five months ago. Yeah. Five. Okay. Five is long. That's kind of crazy. Yeah.
You know, like how much time do you give a guy before, you know,
he defends his title. The difference in boxing is so different. Like boxers go,
they long stretch and boxers enter into negotiations and negoti like Caleb plant
and Canella Avarez,
they've been dancing back and forth as to whether or not they're supposed to
fight and the negotiations fall apart and they, they come back together again.
And now they're supposedly in negotiations again for November, you know,
boxing is so different. Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.